well there is a kill buyer that that I
work with I've rescued several horses
out of his lot and he called me on
saturday the thirteenth and told me he
had one that was too pretty to show and
found a beautiful beautiful palomino
filly and just as sweet as she could be
I walked you know into the pen with her
and took some pictures and then he
showed me this this other horse and said
up do you think you can do something for
him he was standing and his his head was
down and he was in a very narrow pen
without without a shelter and I can I
was like you taught me so we talked to
him baby talking he came over to them
fence to me and you his face was all
gray his you know he only had one eye
and it was it was so affecting
leave it a little over yesterday doing
getting a trailer and they liked it here
remember you're not being Egypt was to
tell you you want being a joke probably
the the best thing that happened is
through the thoroughbred racing world
onions its connections there was a place
for him at old friends and it just primo
thoroughbred sanctuary in Kentucky and
not just any horse gets to go there
I know it was like a kid at Christmas
getting something they really really
wanted because I this happened we
rescued eight horses in one day and they
were just offloading the curlies and I
went racing outside it was so cold and I
hadn't even put my coat yeah he's coming
to Kentucky he's going to Kentucky is
absolutely overjoyed yeah I read an
article that visit the new york times
when he ran out 12 the one
but I think he really beat the odds on
on this deal